updated keba implementation for new config option and new switch (#38494)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/keba.markdown

If your Wallbox does not include an RFID reader, the lock is useless. You can only use authorize / deauthorize with the switch implementation. Without an RFID reader, you can remove the lock from Home Assistant using the `add_lock_to_homeassistant` configuration option.

This {% term integration %} provides the following platforms:

- Binary sensors: Online state, plug state, charging state and failsafe mode state.
- Lock: Authorization (like with the RFID card).
- Sensors: current set by the user, target energy set by the user, charging power, charged energy of the current session and total energy charged.
- Actions: authorize, deauthorize, set energy target, set the maximum allowed current and manually update the states. More details can be found in the [actions](#actions) section.
- Notify: Show a text on chargers with a built-in LED display.

> - Switch: Authorize, deauthorize charging and displays the status of the Wallbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Switch: Authorize/deauthorize charging, display the status of the Wallbox.
```
